If you remember back when we build up our Vanilla JavaScript app what we
did was we called stored.subscribe to be notified whenever the store changed,
and whenever it did change,
what we did was we got the new goals, and the new todos.
And then for each of those items,
we added them to the DOM,
and by invoking our addGoalToDOM function or addToDoToDom function as well.
But with React, you don't really have to do any of the Dom stuff
because React is really handling all of that
for us behind the scenes that's one of the big benefits of React.
But we still want to subscribe to the store inside of our React component,
but instead of again adding items to the DOM,
we want to just re-render our components.
So what we'll do is let's add a componentDidMount lifecycle method here.
And we can grab the store which is going to be coming from this.props.
And then now, we'll call stored.subscribe,
and what do we want to do whenever the store changes?
Well what we want to do is we want to cause a re-render because
then what's going to happen is we can inside of our render method,
we can come down here and grab you store coming from this.props.
We can grab the todos as well as the goals,
which are coming from storeup.getState,
and then what we can do is we can pass each of those down as
a prop to their specific component.
And then now, whenever the store changes by causing a re-render,
we will really get these states,
rerender these components with that new state, and then eventually,
what these components will do is they will render
a list containing all of the todos as well as all of the goals.
We'll typically whenever you want to cause a re-render in React,
what you do is you call setState because that's the whole point is setState.
You tell React at the state of your application changes then we'll update the UI,
but we don't really have any state inside of this component and
it doesn't make sense to add any just to cause a re-render.
So what we can do, and this is a rarely used feature in React because
typically it's an anti-pattern but for our specific use case,
it's exactly what we need.
So we can call this.forceUpdates.
So every component instance has a forceUpdate method on it,
and when you invoke it, it's going to cause a re-render of that specific component.
And then because of the way React works,
all of our child components will re-render as well getting us the updated UI.